Fix-For-ADFS-and-Windows-Event-Logs (#28025)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftADFS/README.md

> This pack includes XSIAM content.

Reviewer: @nkanon please add instructions for winlogbeat as well.

Author: Added. Thanks Boss

​
**Notes:** 

> 1. The logs will be stored in the dataset named *microsoft_adfs_raw*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The logs will be stored in the dataset called *microsoft_adfs_raw*.
```

> 2. The default content provided in this pack (including Winlogbeat templates) should be used as is.  We cannot support any changes made to this content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The default content provided in this pack (including Winlogbeat templates) should be used as is.  We cannot support any changes made to this content.
```
